docs(gen): docs content review (#1991)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/my-account/quickstart.mdx

You will be asked to add a payment method during the order process of your first Dedibox. If you want to add a payment method before you order a product, you can do it as follows:

> 1.  Click on your user name next to *logged in as:* in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then click **Billing** in the pop-up menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click on your username next to *logged in as:* in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then click **Billing** in the pop-up menu:
```
